---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-05T07:58:36.511Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-05T07:56:36.346Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-05-9337e0ce-acfb-44b3-a2c2-98e158d28451.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 9337e0ce-acfb-44b3-a2c2-98e158d28451/index.html
_type: Article

---
**2016 Presidential Candidates on Transgender Equality **

**Governor John Kasich **

"We extended those protections in the way we thought most appropriate." Kasich's press secretaryJohn Kasich's Press Secretary on Kasich's use of an executive order to effectively remove gender identity protections for Ohio state employees.

**Donald Trump**

**Senator Marco Rubio**

"\[I will reverse the Executive Orders President Obama\] has made on things like gender equality in restrooms."  

**Senator Ted Cruz  **

"Look, these guys are so nutty that the federal government is going after school districts, trying to force them to let boys shower with little girls," Cruz responded. "Now listen: I'm the father of two daughters, and the idea that the federal government is coming in saying that boys, with all the god-given equipment of boys, can be in the shower room with junior high girls --- this is lunacy!"

"And I bet you there are a whole lot of parents --- particularly parents of daughters --- that are not eager to have the federal government saying, 'Guess what? Your daughter has to shower with a boy, if he wants to be in there,'" Cruz continued, discounting the fact that trans girls are, in fact, girls, not boys who "want to be in there."

The Tea Party Senator concluded his remarks with a dig at the intellect of what he called "modern leftists. 

"You know, the funny thing is, my 5-year-old knows there's a difference between boys and girls," Cruz quipped. "And yet modern Leftists can't figure that out."

"inflicting \[a trans girl\] on the teachers is probably better than sticking him in the shower with the teenage girls.' 

**Senator Bernie Sanders **

"In many states, it is legal to deny someone housing for being transgender. That is wrong and must end."

"I apologize for not having dealt with that in our list of particulars but the issue that you raise is something that I'm more than conscious about and that is the discrimination against transgenders and the LGBT community," Sanders told Velasquez.

"You have my pledge right now as somebody who believes in a society in which we must end all forms of discrimination that that will become part of our policy," he said.

"We've got to end LGBT discrimination in the workplace. Vermont did this 22 years ago when it passed one of the first state laws in the country protecting lesbian and gay workers. Congress should have acted long ago, but Republicans have blocked action. The House won't even allow a vote on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act that the Senate passed last year. That's why the executive order that President Obama is signing on Monday is an important step in the right direction."

**_Secretary of State Hilary Clinton _**

"We've got to address the crisis of transphobic violence," she said. "2015 has seen the murder of at least 19 transgender women, primarily women of color. And nobody knows how much violence goes unreported or ignored. And we need to say, with one voice, that transgender people are valued, they are loved, they are us, they desire to be treated fairly and equally.

"It was part of the overall efforts to try to treat people with dignity and equality. And certainly the Obama Administration made some of its own moves at the same time with respect to the larger federal employee pool. And when I had responsibility for the well-being of the 70,00 people or so employees around the world who worked for the State Department and USAID, I had the opportunity through executive action to recognize that there were barriers and vestiges to discrimination that had no place in a modern American workplace, and so I acted."

"@GregAbbot TX is right about one thing:equality is one of Hillary's values. Houston- vote\#YesonProp1today."